chore(testing): Add experimental console warning on Cypress setup (#3395)
clerk/javascript: packages/testing/README.md

### Cypress

> ⚠️ **Using Cypress to test Clerk is still in the experimental stage. Please be aware that there may be limitations and potential issues when using this approach.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **Please note:** Support for Cypress is still experimental. Be aware that there are limitations and potential issues at this stage. Please open an issue with a minimal reproduction so that these issues can be fixed. Thanks!
```
